asciidoctor: add page (#6455)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/asciidoctor.md

# asciidoctor

> > An AsciiDoc processor to read and translate AsciiDoc to a publishable format.

Author: Yes, I agree. What do you think about the following?
> Convert AsciiDoc files to a publishable format.

> > An AsciiDoc processor to read and translate AsciiDoc to a publishable format.

Reviewer: I don't like that. It doesn't describe the tool, but what you do with it, and just kinda sounds off to me.

> > An AsciiDoc processor to read and translate AsciiDoc to a publishable format.

Reviewer 2: @nicokosi's suggestion seems the most logical to me

> More information: <https://docs.asciidoctor.org>.

> - Convert `path/to/document.adoc` to HTML (the default output format):
> 
> `asciidoctor {{path/to/document.adoc}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Convert a specific `.adoc` file to HTML (the default output format):

`asciidoctor {{path/to/file.adoc}}`
```
This is the format we usually use.

Author: Got it, thanks! :-)

- Convert a specific `.adoc` file to HTML and link a CSS stylesheet:

`asciidoctor -a stylesheet={{path/to/stylesheet.css}} {{path/to/file.adoc}}`

- Convert a specific `.adoc` file to embeddable HTML, removing everything except the body:

`asciidoctor --embedded {{path/to/file.adoc}}`

- Convert a specific `.adoc` file to a PDF using the `asciidoctor-pdf` library:

> `asciidoctor --backend=pdf --require=asciidoctor-pdf {{path/to/file.adoc}}`

Reviewer 3: Even though it's a fixed value in *this* example, it's still an argument and should go in token syntax:
```suggestion
`asciidoctor --backend={{pdf}} --require={{asciidoctor-pdf}} {{path/to/file.adoc}}`
```
